be in the military you still pay taxes a lot of folks are under a misconception
that you don't pay taxes when you're in the military you absolutely
do you'll find those things on your W. two form that you're
able to access and look at any time on the mypay website and you need
to file your taxes just like anybody else files are taxes by the
deadline that's do one advantage that you do have about being in the
military when it comes to filing your taxes though is if you're on
deployment during that tax season time frame you're unable to make
those taxes or pay those on time to file your taxes you're given kind
of a hundred eighty day buffer to get your taxes turned in after the
date that most everyone else has to have their taxes done another
advantage is if you're deployed to a non taxable region then you're
not actually taxing your paycheck while you're there and so at the
end of the year when you're filing your taxes you'll notice that you'll
be in a little a lot less could be in a lower tax bracket because
the income that you earn well you're deployed away from the states
you weren't being taxed on that and you won't be taxed on that so it's
kind of those are one two advantages that you have when it comes
to taxes and being in the navy